HDDS-10255. Update Release Manager Guide after importing it to the new website. (#67)
apache/ozone-site: docs/08-developer-guide/04-project/02-release-guide.md

```

- If you are a committer and not a PMC member, you can add your key to the dev KEYS file and a PMC member can move it to the final destination:

```bash title="Publish Key (Committer)"
# Use the latest KEYS as the base
svn rm https://dist.apache.org/repos/dist/dev/ozone/KEYS
svn cp https://dist.apache.org/repos/dist/release/ozone/KEYS https://dist.apache.org/repos/dist/dev/ozone/KEYS

svn co https://dist.apache.org/repos/dist/dev/ozone
cd ozone
export CODESIGNINGKEY=your_gpg_key_id
gpg --list-sigs $CODESIGNINGKEY >> KEYS
gpg --armor --export $CODESIGNINGKEY >> KEYS
svn commit -m "ozone: adding key of <your_name> to the KEYS"
```

```bash title="Move Key (PMC)"
svn cp -m "ozone: adding key of <name> to the KEYS" https://dist.apache.org/repos/dist/dev/ozone/KEYS https://dist.apache.org/repos/dist/release/ozone/KEYS
```

## Pre-Vote

### Create a Parent Jira for the Release

This provides visibility into the progress of the release for the community. Tasks mentioned in this guide like cherry-picking fixes on to the release branch, updating the ozone website, publishing the docker image, etc can be added as subtasks.

### Bulk Comment on Jiras Targeting This Release

> Issue a Jira query like [this](https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/HDDS-4183?jql=project%20%3D%20HDDS%20AND%20resolution%20%3D%20Unresolved%20AND%20(cf%5B12310320%5D%20%3D%201.3.0%20OR%20fixVersion%20%3D%201.3.0)%20ORDER%20BY%20priority%20DESC%2C%20updated%20DESC), modified for the release number you are working with, to find all unresolved Jiras that have the target version field set to this release. Note that some people incorrectly use Fix Version as the Target Version, so Fix Version is included in this search. Use the following steps to issue a bulk update to these Jiras:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Issue a Jira query like [this](https://issues.apache.org/jira/issues/?jql=project%20%3D%20HDDS%20AND%20resolution%20%3D%20Unresolved%20AND%20(cf%5B12310320%5D%20%3D%201.3.0%20OR%20fixVersion%20%3D%201.3.0)%20ORDER%20BY%20priority%20DESC%2C%20updated%20DESC), modified for the release number you are working with, to find all unresolved Jiras that have the target version field set to this release. Note that some people incorrectly use Fix Version as the Target Version, so Fix Version is included in this search. Use the following steps to issue a bulk update to these Jiras:
```

4. Verify checksums
  - Run `shasum -a 512 *.tar.gz`
  - Verify that the output checksums for each artifact match the contents of its .sha512 file and the SHA512 line in its .mds file.
5. Make sure docs are present in the release tarball
  - There should be a directory called docs in the top level. If there is not, then `hugo` was not installed during the build and it must be re-done.
  - Extract the release and open docs/index.html in your web browser, and check that the documentation website looks ok.
6. Check the output of running `bin/ozone version` from the extracted release tarball
  - After extracting the release, the output of this command should contain:
    - The correct release
    - The correct national park tag
    - A non-snapshot version of Ratis.
    - A link to the apache/ozone GitHub repository (not your fork).
    - The git hash of the last commit the release was built on.
7. Run the Ozone upgrade acceptance tests by running `test.sh` from the compose/upgrade directory in the extracted release tarball.
  - This check is also run by the GitHub actions CI for each commit, so it should pass with no surprises.

> ### Upload the Artifacts Dev Staging Area

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Upload the Artifacts to Dev Staging
```

svn commit -m "Ozone $VERSION RC$RC"
```

> - Check the results using your browser by connecting to [https://dist.apache.org/repos/dist/dev/ozone/](https://dist.apache.org/repos/dist/dev/ozone/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Check the results by opening the [dev directory](https://dist.apache.org/repos/dist/dev/ozone/) in your browser.
```
